I'm back inside of my test where we're going to try and check to make sure that a ticket was actually
saved to our database.
There's definitely a wide variety of ways we can do this.
I think that we're going to take a very simple, simplistic approach.
What I would like to do is first do a check and see how many records are inside of our ticket collection.
We'll then make the request and then after that, we'll once again check to see how many records are
in there.
And we should see that there should be one additional record after making the request.
So let's write out the code for this.
I think you'll understand where we're going with it really, really quickly.
To get started, I'm going to go up to the top of my test file and I'm going to import that ticket model
that we just created.
They're going to import ticket from up up bottles.
Ticket.
Okay.
Back down at the bottom.
I'm then going to look into my tickets collection and take a look at all the different tickets that
exist inside there.
So I'll say let tickets is a wait ticket find.
With empty object.
So this query is going to get all the different tickets that exist inside of that collection, every
last one.
Now, when I say every last one, that's kind of a little misleading statement.
You might recall that back inside of our test setup file, after every single test that we run, or
I should say before every single one, we take a look at all of our different collections inside of
MongoDB.
MongoDB, and we delete all the data inside of every single one of them.
So when this test first runs, there should be zero tickets.
Let's write out an expectation around that right away to just confirm there are zero tickets inside
the database right now.
So I'll put in expect tickets not length to equal zero.
By the way, notice I'm using the keyword right here.
That's because we're going to reassign that variable right after we make the request.
Okay.
So now we make the request.
You might notice that we're missing a little step inside of here.
We never actually add in any check or any authentication step.
So very similar to what we did.
Back up here.
Let's make sure that we set that cookie.
So after calling post, I'll do a set global sign in.
So now after making the requests, let's take a look at all of our tickets inside that collection once
again.
And we're going to expect there to now be exactly one ticket inside there.
So I'll say tickets.
Again, that's why we use the keyword right here, so we could redefine this variable.
Is a wait ticket find.
And we should now be able to expect tickets length to equal one.
If we wanted to.
We could also take a look at the record that was actually created and write out an assertion about,
say, its title or its price.
So, for example, we could do something like tickets at zero dot price to equal 20.
We could do the same thing for the title as well.
Totally up to you.
If you want to write in an assertion around the title, I would recommend extracting the ticket or that
title right there to a separate variable.
So something like title is blah blah blah.
Then use that as the title.
And then for the actual assertion, expect tickets zero title to equal title.
Well, that is it for our test.
So let's save this.
We're going to go back over to our terminal and just make sure the test is failing.
Yep, definitely is.
So now let's go work on the actual implementation.
I'm going to go and find my new route handler.
At the very top.
I'm going to import the model that we just created.
So we can actually save some data.
So we'll go up on directory models ticket.
Then down inside of this thing, I'm going to remove the resin status.
We're going to first try to pull off the title and the price from the body of the incoming request.
So to pull off that data.
Title and price.
From Record Body.
Well, then build up our ticket.
That's going to be ticket build.
Remember, that's how we are creating records here because TypeScript can jump in and make sure that
we're providing the correct structure of data.
Then we'll put in our title, we'll put in the price.
And then remember, there is a third property required.
We have to put in the user ID of the person who is creating this ticket so we know who actually owns
it.
So so we'll say that the ID is going to come from req current user ID.
Remember, we have access to current user on that request object because we had previously executed
our current user middleware back inside of app.
It's that thing right there.
That's what sets the recurrent user property we are getting complained at by TypeScript right now TypeScript
is saying, hey, this ID thing might not actually be defined.
So remember whenever we set current user, we are possibly setting current user.
If the user is not authenticated, then the current user middleware is not going to set current user
to anything and that will be undefined.
So right now TypeScript is saying, hey, you can't look up the property here.
You have to make sure that the current user actually exists.
Well, we don't really have to do that.
You might recall that our require auth middleware already does that for us.
If I go back to the definition of the require auth middleware inside of our common module right here
we are inside this middleware doing a check to make sure that current user is defined.
And if it's not, we then throw this error and we never continue on to the next middleware or possibly
the next request handler in this case.
So in other words, right now, we're never going to end up in this statement right here if current
user is undefined.
TypeScript just doesn't understand that because it is not looking into the required auth function and
understanding that we're going to return early out of this entire chain if current user isn't defined.
So I feel pretty comfortable adding in a exclamation to this thing and telling TypeScript, Hey, don't
sweat it.
Current user is defined.
We've got this thing defined.
Now you'll notice that even after that, I'm still getting an air here.
I put in ID right here.
That is my mistake.
It should be user ID.
That's better.
Okay, so there's our ticket.
We've built it up.
After that, we need to actually save it.
So I'll do an A wait to get that safe.
If I want to use the awake keyword inside of here, as usual will mark the enclosing function with async.
After saving that record, we can now do a rez status.
Of 201.
And we will send back the ticket that we just created.
And that should be it.
So let's save this.
We'll go back over to our terminal.
And all of our tests are passing.
Fantastic.
Well, this is pretty good.
Now, at this point, you might be thinking, Stephen.
Writing these tests.
Such a pain, such a pain, so much extra stuff to go through.
Well, here's the good thing about it.
We spent just a little bit of extra time, really not that much writing out these tests.
And even as we were going through that, we had to do a lot of extra set up stuff.
But we've now got a route handler and we are really sure that it works the way we expect without ever
having to actually run our code inside the browser or at Postman.
So this really is a great advantage during development.
We do not have to be manually testing everything over and over and over again.
And we've now got this great record right here of how this request handler should behave.
So we could start to make changes to it now.
And if we start to break it in some particular way, well, we've got something to yell at us and tell
us, Hey, you're doing something wrong, go fix it up.
So if you don't like writing tests out, I apologize for that.
But I really feel very strongly that this is the right thing to do when we are developing microservices
because we don't have to go through the process of wiring this ticket up to everything else inside of
our application or the React app or whatever else, just to make sure that it's working as expected.
All right.
So now that we're all done with creating a ticket, we're going to take a pause right here.
And in the next video, we're going to move on to our next request handler.